# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective

For this assignment, we were expected to create a document from the perspective of a Scrum Master who was chosen as part of a team to try a new agile methodology in our pretend company, ChadaTech. Our client was SNHU Travel, and asked us to develop an application with various goals in mind that would help expand their current website to offer a greater variety of services and packages. By interpreting their needs, our team in this case was responsible for creating a proper system and timeline for this development using the new agile system. As part of the agile methodology, there was to be sprint planning and the creation of a user story backlog to prioritize and evaluate easy user story, or potential feature of the greater application. User stories are created in order to begin development immediately and loosely, so that time is not dedicated entirely to planning before testing. With applications growing in magnitude, its important to be organized but also effective in time management. The end goal cannot be forgtten however, and a final deliverable that works and meets expectations is the bottom line.This document is a retrospective which means it includes all aspects of the development process and review of what worked and did not.

When approaching program development, it's beneficial to understand what your final goal of the program is. There can be enumerable ways to accomplish a task, and it's important to determine loosely beforehand what aspects are negotiable and which are not. By developing little by little, it also allows time to ensure that code not only functions, but adequately meets the desires of the Product Owner/client. The idea of starting now and working piecewise is an agile method that I would hope to employ in my own life, where waterfall emulates more of a procrastination style of development. 

Above all, the most important part of success and working on a team in an agile environment is proper communication. I believe that being open and honest keeps every team member on the same page, and even for the Product Owner who must confer with the Scrum Master and the customer. Every aspect of this system of multiple moving parts requires that each part is moving for each other. Being a proper team member requires participation, effort, and availability on behalf of both your peers and superiors. If every person works this way, then I believe agile can be extremely fruitful as a system.
